(This is a written out script for the video, not everything in here is used, and some parts weren't even scripted)

Hey it's a new year, SAYANARA 2020!  

Do you know what that means?  That means it's been about a year since quarantine started.  A whole year, of not being able to socialize with anyone....  
For an introvert like myself you might be thinking "Oh wow that's great, that's luxury!"  And... yeah

But a WHOLE year of not going out anywhere, doing anything having any kind of social interaction is harsh...... So I programmed a robot to fear me -TRANSITION-






THE GAME:

So to start, I need to be able to have a robot listen to me, so I've *ahem* procured... this code off the interwebs
It's basically a game, you guess a word, the word can be any one of these words.

Banana

Apple

Pteradactyl

As you can see... I'm not very good at it.  

But if I chop some of this code up and repurpose it them BAM I HAVE A TOTALLY LEGIT WAY TO TALK TO SOMETHING

"How are you" - It says frigg off bud back
"O..kay then"



So I have a way to talk to the robot, now I just need a robot.... and that looks like this! *snaps finger* -Does snap transition-


PILLOW TALK:
(In a smooth voice): Welcome, to Pillow Talk with Sean

Have you heard that Jessie broke up with James?  Crazy right....

So what kind of hotties have you been scoping out lately?  Oh come on you can tell me, I won't tell a soul!

Alright well fine we don't have to talk about that... what about a more substantial problem like global warming?


End:
Hi thanks for sticking around till the end, you didn't have to and I don't know why you did! :)
If you're interested in some of my other stuff, then too bad because it doesn't exist yet, but consider subscribing anyways for non-regular content
Anywhozers, I don't know how to end the video so... (Fades to black, play Lake - Pokemon)


Description:
Where else can you find me?
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CelestialStudi5
Discord: https://discord.gg/xNRkeHKg3r

Music stuffs:
Dinner for One - Silent Partner
Cowboy Bepop - Too Good Too Bad
Paper Mario The Thousand Year Door - Petalburg
Kirby's Epic Yarn - Cool Cave
Kirby Air Ride - Forest Stage
Undertale - Dating Start!
(OUTRO) Pokemon Diamond - Lake